h1. Larv: Entity framework for Python

Larv was thought out to be used in games.
It's currently tested in python 3.2.3.
Inspired by and using the style of: http://t-machine.org/index.php/2007/09/03/entity-systems-are-the-future-of-mmog-development-part-1/

h2. How to install/use

Simply copy/paste the larv folder to your python installation.
For example, say that you have your python installed in:
    C:\Python
Then you would need to paste the folder to:
    C:\Python\Lib
So that in the end the following path exists:
    C:\Python\Lib\larv

Then you are free to test if that worked opening the python idle and doing a fast:
    import larv

h2. Documentation

There is no documentation as of now, but you are free to read the comments in the code, which
should be pretty much all you need in order to make it work.
If you have any problems, feel free to ask me.

h2. License

larv - entity framework in python
...................................................

Author: Gerard Madorell
Copyright (c) Gerard Madorell 2013
https://github.com/Skabed

Licence Agreement (The MIT License)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.